Document: 2031ZA26Q00029Amendment.pdf
File Path: backend/data/documents/145/2031ZA26Q00029Amendment.pdf
Document Type: DocumentType.PDF
Source: DocumentSource.SAM_GOV
Size: 2436438 bytes
================================================================================
EXTRACTED TEXT:
================================================================================
AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT
2. AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NUMBER
0001
6. ISSUED BY
Ariel Dillon
Contactinf Officer
Bureau of Engraving and Printing
CODE
1. CONTRACT ID CODE
PAGE OF PAGES
3. EFFECTIVE DATE
01/15/2026
4. REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQUISITION NUMBER
5. PROJECT NUMBER (If applicable)
7. ADMINISTERED BY (If other than Item 6)
CODE
8. NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR (Number, street, county, State and ZIP Code)
CODE
(X) 9A. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NUMBER
2031ZA26Q00029
9B. DATED (SEE ITEM 11)
12/19/2025
10A. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT/ORDER NUMBER
10B. DATED (SEE ITEM 13)
FACILITY CODE
11. THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS
is extended.
is not extended.
The above numbered solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers
Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods:
(a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning
1
copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted;
or (c) By separate letter or electronic communication which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO BE
RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If
by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by letter or electronic communication, provided each letter or electronic
communication makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified.
12. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA (If required)
13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS.
IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NUMBER AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.
CHECK ONE A. THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify authority) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER
NUMBER IN ITEM 10A.
B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES (such as changes in paying office,
appropriation data, etc.) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(b).
C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF:
D. OTHER (Specify type of modification and authority)
E. IMPORTANT: Contractor ☑ is not
is required to sign this document and return
copies to the issuing office.
14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)
2031ZA26Q00029 Amendment 0001 Includes an additional atachment to include questions and answers. Replace Attachment
B Drawing with a updated drawing to include updated Parts list. The due date for the quotes has been extended to
02/02/2026.
Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.
15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print)
16A. NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print)
Ariel Dillon
15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR
(Signature of person authorized to sign)
Previous edition unusable
15C. DATE SIGNED 16B. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
16C. DATE SIGNED
Ariel A. Dillon Digitally signed by Ariel A. Dillon
Date: 2026.01.15 14:55:08 -06'00'
(Signature of Contracting Officer)
STANDARD FORM 30 (REV. 11/2016)
Prescribed by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.243
SOLICITATION/CONTRACT/ORDER FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS
OFFEROR TO COMPLETE BLOCKS 12, 17, 23, 24, & 30
2. CONTRACT NO.
3. AWARD/EFFECTIVE
DATE
7. FOR SOLICITATION
INFORMATION CALL:
a. NAME
4. ORDER NUMBER
Dillon, Ariel Ashtyn
1. REQUISITION NUMBER
5. SOLICITATION NUMBER
2031ZA26Q00029
b. TELEPHONE NUMBER (No collect
calls)
PAGE 1 OF 5
6. SOLICITATION ISSUE
DATE
12/18/2025
8. OFFER DUE DATE/
LOCAL TIME
02/02/2026
UNRESTRICTED OR ☑ SET ASIDE: 100
(817) 231-4024
CODE 2031ZA
10. THIS ACQUISITION IS
SMALL BUSINESS
HUBZONE SMALL
BUSINESS
9. ISSUED BY
BEP-ACQUISITION
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, Office of
Acquisition, 301 14th Street SW
Washington, DC, 20228-0001, US
WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS
(WOSB) ELIGIBLE UNDER THE WOMEN-OWNED
SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM
NAICS:
EDWOSB
% FOR:
11. DELIVERY FOR FOB DESTINA- 12. DISCOUNT TERMS
TION UNLESS BLOCK IS
MARKED
SEE SCHEDULE
15. DELIVER TO
SERVICE-DISABLED
VETERAN-OWNED
SMALL BUSINESS
332999
SIZE STANDARD:
8 (A)
750 Employees
13b. RATING
13a. THIS CONTRACT IS A
RATED ORDER UNDER
DPAS (15 CFR 700)
CODE
16. ADMINISTERED BY
14. METHOD OF SOLICITATION
☑ RFQ
☐ IFB
☐ RFP
CODE
2031ZA
See Schedule
Same As Issuing Office
17a. CONTRACTOR/
OFFEROR
CODE
FACILITY
CODE
18a. PAYMENT WILL BE MADE BY
CODE
TELEPHONE NO.
17b. CHECK IF REMITTANCE IS DIFFERENT AND PUT SUCH ADDRESS IN 18b. SUBMIT INVOICES TO ADDRESS SHOWN IN BLOCK 18a UNLESS BLOCK
OFFER
BELOW IS CHECKED
19.
ITEM NO.
20.
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES
See Schedule
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) has a
requirement for stack and rack carts to be used
at the BEP. The Contractor shall provide the BEP
with finished carts and accessories for use in
the internal production process. Upon completion
of Offset and Intaglio print phase, the carts
will be used to hold sheets for no less than
seventy-two (72) hours of drying time. The carts
are then offloaded and reused. During drying
times, each cart will be secured and strapped
with a security hood and locking mechanism.
(Use Reverse and/or Attach Additional Sheets as Necessary)
25. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA
SEE ADDENDUM
21.
QUANTITY
22.
UNIT
23.
UNIT PRICE
24.
AMOUNT
26. TOTAL AWARD AMOUNT (For Govt. Use Only)
27a. SOLICITATION INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-3 AND 52.212-5 ARE ATTACHED. ADDENDA
27b. CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-5 IS ATTACHED. ADDENDA
28. CONTRACTOR IS REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS DOCUMENT AND RETURN
COPIES TO ISSUING OFFICE. CONTRACTOR AGREES TO FURNISH AND
DELIVER ALL ITEMS SET FORTH OR OTHERWISE IDENTIFIED ABOVE AND ON ANY
ADDITIONAL SHEETS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SPECIFIED
30a. SIGNATURE OF OFFEROR/CONTRACTOR
29. AWARD OF CONTRACT: REF.
☑
ARE
ARE
ARE NOT ATTACHED
ARE NOT ATTACHED
OFFER
DATED
YOUR OFFER ON SOLICITATION
(BLOCK 5), INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONS OR CHANGES WHICH ARE
SET FORTH HEREIN, IS ACCEPTED AS TO ITEMS:
31a. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (SIGNATURE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER)
30b. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print)
30c. DATE SIGNED 31b. NAME OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print)
31c. DATE SIGNED
AUTHORIZED FOR LOCAL REPRODUCTION
PREVIOUS EDITION IS NOT USABLE
STANDARD FORM 1449 (REV. 2/2012)
Prescribed by GSA - FAR (48 CFR) 53.212
19.
ITEM NO.
20.
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES
21.
QUANTITY UNIT
22.
23.
UNIT PRICE
24.
AMOUNT
See Schedule
32a. QUANTITY IN COLUMN 21 HAS BEEN
INSPECTED
☐ RECEIVED
32b. SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT
REPRESENTATIVE
ACCEPTED, AND CONFORMS TO THE CONTRACT, EXCEPT AS NOTED:
32c. DATE
32e. MAILING ADDRESS OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE
32d. PRINTED NAME AND TITLE OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT
REPRESENTATIVE
32f. TELPHONE NUMBER OF AUTHORZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE
32g. E-MAIL OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE
33. SHIP NUMBER
34. VOUCHER NUMBER
35. AMOUNT VERIFIED
CORRECT FOR
36. PAYMENT
PARTIAL
FINAL
39. S/R VOUCHER NUMBER 40. PAID BY
38. S/R ACCOUNT NO.
COMPLETE
PARTIAL
FINAL
37. CHECK NUMBER
41a. I CERTIFY THIS ACCOUNT IS CORRECT AND PROPER FOR PAYMENT
41b. SIGNATURE AND TITLE OF CERTIFYING OFFICER 41c. DATE
42a. RECEIVED BY (Print)
42b. RECEIVED AT (Location)
42c. DATE REC'D (YY/MM/DD)
42d. TOTAL CONTAINERS
STANDARD FORM 1449 (REV. 2/2012) BACK
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
1. Listing of Incorporated Purchase Requisitions.......
2. Supplies or Services and Prices/Costs....
3. Packaging and Marking
4. Inspection and Acceptance Terms...
5. Delivery or Performance...
6. Contract Administration Data
7. List of Documents, Exhibits, and other Attachments..
8. Contract Clauses
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 3 of 5
.4
.5
.5
.5
1. Listing of Incorporated Purchase Requisitions
Incorporated Purchase Requisition Numbers:
2. Supplies or Services and Prices/Costs
Item
Number
Base Item
Number
Supplies/Services
Quantity
Unit
0001
SOI Stack & Rack Carts
250
Each
Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price
Unit Price
Extended Price
Description:
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 4 of 5
Stack and Rack Carts (also referred to as Carts) are used for separating wet work during the drying process after
Intaglio printing. These carts are specific to press size and include several accessories including metal rods and
security hoods.
Purchase Requisitions
IDC Type:
FSC Codes:
NAICS Code:
3. Packaging and Marking
Not Applicable
9999 MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS
332999 All Other Miscellaneous Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing
None
4. Inspection and Acceptance Terms
Supplies/Services will be inspected/accepted at:
Line Number
0001
Inspect At
Destination
5. Delivery or Performance
None
Inspect By
Government
Accept At
Destination
6. Contract Administration Data
Issuing Office Address
BEP-ACQUISITION
Bureau of Engraving and Printing
Office of Acquisition
301 14th Street SW
Washington DC 20228-0001
Phone: (817) 231-4024
Contact Details:
Dillon, Ariel Ashtyn
Ariel.Dillon@bep.gov
Fax:
7. List of Documents, Exhibits, and other Attachments
Attachment 001 - Statement of Work Stack and Rack Carts
None
8. Contract Clauses
Clauses incorporated by reference
None
Clauses incorporated by full text
None
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 5 of 5
1. Contract Clauses
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 1 of 28
52.203-18
52.204-7
52.204-9
Clauses incorporated by reference
Article Number
52.203-11
52.203-16
Reference Text
Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions
(Sept 2024)
Preventing Personal Conflicts of Interest (Jun 2020)
Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements
or Statements Representation (Jan 2017)
System for Award Management (Nov 2024)
Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (Jan 2011)
52.204-13
System for Award Management Maintenance. (Oct 2018)
52.204-16
Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020)
52.204-17
Ownership or Control of Offeror (Aug 2020)
52.204-18
Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020)
52.204-19
Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014)
52.209-2
52.212-4
52.214-7
52.214-34
52.214-35
52.217-5
52.224-1
52.224-2
52.222-24
52.225-25
52.228-7
52.237-2
52.242-15
52.242-17
52.246-4
52.247-34
Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Nov 2015)
Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023)
Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Bids (Nov 1999)
Submission of Offers in The English Language (Apr 1991)
Submission of Offers in U.S. Currency (Apr 1991)
Evaluation of Options (July 1990)
Privacy Act Notification (APR 1984)
Privacy Act (APR 1984)
Pre Award On-Site Equal Opportunity Compliance Evaluation (Feb 1999)
Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to
Iran--Representation and Certifications (Jun 2020)
Insurance-Liability to Third Persons (Mar 1996)
Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (APR 1984)
Stop-Work Order (Aug 1989)
Government Delay of Work (Apr 1984)
Inspection of Services-Fixed Price (Aug 1996)
F.O.B. Destination (Jan 1991)
52.247-35
F.O.B. Destination Within Consignee's Premises (Apr 1984)
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 2 of 28
Clauses incorporated by full text
FAR 52.212-1
Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023)
(a) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard. The NAICS code(s) and
small business size standard(s) for this acquisition is 332999, All Other Miscellaneous Fabricated Metal product
Manufacturing, 750 Employees.
(b) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the ariel.dillon@bep.gov, January 20, 2026 at 2:00PM
Central Standard Time (CST). Questions or Clarifications regarding this RFQ shall be submitted to
ariel.dillon@bep.gov no later than 12:00PM CST, January 12, 2026. Offers may be submitted on the SF 1449 or
letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in the solicitation. As a minimum, offers must show -
(c)
(1) The solicitation number;
(2) The time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers;
(3) The name, address, and telephone number of the offeror;
(4) A technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the
requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary;
(5) Terms of any express warranty;
(6) Price and any discount terms;
(7) Remit to address, if different than mailing address;
(8) A completed copy of the representations and certifications at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-3
(see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete
electronically);
(9) Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments;
(10) Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant
contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact
with telephone numbers and other relevant information); and
(11) If the offer is not submitted on the SF 1449, include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all
terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish required representations
or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration.
(12) Documents in accordance too FAR Provision 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and
Commercial Services.
•
•
Technical Approach (not to exceed 15 pages) - Font: Times New Roman, Size no
smaller than 10;
•
Technical approach and solution for achieving objectives of the SOW
that demonstrates the Offeror has a thorough comprehension and
capability.
Past Performance (not to exceed 6 pages) - Font: Times New Roman, Size no smaller
than 10;
•
The Government will consider the relevance of past performance
information obtained in relation to similar complexity and magnitude of
this procurement, considering factors as similar size, scope, and
complexity completed by the Contractor.
Pricing - Contracting Officer will determine price fair and reasonable in accordance
to 15.404-1(b)(2)
Period for acceptance of offers. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days
from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the
solicitation.
(d)
(e)
Removed.
Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for
submitting offers, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in
the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation.
(3)
(4)
(5)
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 3 of 28
(2)(i) Any offer, modification, revision, or withdrawal of an offer received at the Government office designated in the solicitation
after the exact time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made,
the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition; and-
(A)
(B)
(C)
If it was transmitted through an electronic commerce method authorized by the solicitation, it was received
at the initial point of entry to the Government infrastructure not later than 5:00 p.m. one working day prior
to the date specified for receipt of offers; or
There is acceptable evidence to establish that it was received at the Government installation
designated for receipt of offers and was under the Governments control prior to the time set for receipt
of offers; or
If this solicitation is a request for proposals, it was the only proposal received.
(ii) However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer, that makes its terms more favorable to the
Government, will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted.
Acceptable evidence to establish the time of receipt at the Government installation includes the
time/date stamp of that installation on the offer wrapper, other documentary evidence of receipt
maintained by the installation, or oral testimony or statements of Government personnel.
If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be
received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the
solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of
an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to
the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government
processes resume.
Offers may be withdrawn by written notice received at any time before the exact time set for receipt of
offers. Oral offers in response to oral solicitations may be withdrawn orally. If the solicitation authorizes
facsimile offers, offers may be withdrawn via facsimile received at any time before the exact time set for
receipt of offers, subject to the conditions specified in the solicitation concerning facsimile offers. An offer
may be withdrawn in person by an offeror or its authorized representative if, before the exact time set for
receipt of offers, the identity of the person requesting withdrawal is established and the person signs a
receipt for the offer.
(f) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a
contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offerors initial offer should contain the offerors best terms
from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later
determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is
in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers
received.
(g)
(h)
Removed.
Availability of requirements documents cited in the solicitation.
(1)(i)The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101-29,
and copies of Federal specifications, standards, and product descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained
for a fee by submitting a request to-GSA Federal Supply Service Specifications Section Suite 8100 470 East
L'Enfant Plaza, SW Washington, DC 20407, Telephone (202) 619-8925 Facsimile (202) 619-8978
(ii) If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued
this solicitation, a copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may
be obtained from the address in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision.
(1) Removed.
(2) Removed.
(i) Removed.
(ii) Removed.
(3) Removed.
(i) Unique entity identifier.(Applies to all offers that exceed the micro-purchase threshold, and offers at or below the
micro-purchase threshold if the solicitation requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM).) The Offeror shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer,
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 4 of 28
the annotation Unique Entity Identifier followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Offerors name and
address. The Offeror also shall enter its Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a
four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the Offeror to establish
additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FAR subpart 32.11) for the same entity. If the
Offeror does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for unique
entity identifier establishment directly to obtain one. The Offeror should indicate that it is an offeror for a Government
contract when contacting the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishing the unique entity identifier.
(j) [Reserved]
(k) Debriefing. If a post-award debriefing is given to requesting offerors, the Government shall disclose the following information, if
applicable:
(1) The agency's evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed offerors offer.
(2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful and the debriefed offeror and past
performance information on the debriefed offeror.
(3) The overall ranking of all offerors, when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection.
(4) A summary of the rationale for award;
(5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful offeror.
(6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed offeror as to whether source-selection
procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities were followed by the
agency.
(End of provision)
FAR 52.212-2
Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021)
(a) The Government shall choose the lowest price technically acceptable offer for award. The Government intends to select ONE
contractor for award of this effort. Award will be made on the basis of the lowest evaluated price of offers meeting the acceptability
standards for non-cost (i.e., Technical and Past Performance) factors. An offer is technically acceptable if it is fully compliant with all of
the requirements of terms and conditions herein. Offeror's proposed prices shall be evaluated to determine fair and reasonable pricing.
This acquisition will utilize Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures. This is a competitive LPTA best
value source selection in which price is considered the most important factor. All technically acceptable Offerors, with satisfactory past
performance, shall be treated equally except for their prices. In the case of an Offeror without a record of relevant past performance or
for whom information on past performance is not available, the Offeror will receive a 'neutral' rating.
The Government may reject any proposal that is evaluated to be unrealistic in terms of program commitments, including contract
terms and conditions, or unrealistically high or low in cost/price when compared to Government estimates, or are unbalanced, such
that the proposal is deemed to reflect an inherent lack of competence or failure to comprehend the complexity and risks of the
program.
An overall proposal rating of acceptable or unacceptable is determined according to the definitions below.
•
•
Acceptable - ALL of the technical evaluation factors are clearly met by the proposal. The Offeror's proposal meets the
performance and technical capability requirements defined in the SOW. Note: Once the proposals have been determined to
be "technically acceptable" award will be based on price only
Unacceptable - NOT ALL of the technical evaluation factors are met by the proposal. An unacceptable proposal contains one
or more deficiencies. Proposal fails to meet specified minimum performance and technical capability requirements defined in
the SOW
FACTORI - TECHNICAL: Proposals will be evaluated based on the Offeror's demonstrated understanding of, and ability to oversee
and carry out, the objectives, scope, tasks and other requirements of the SOW and to perform all tasks at a level that consistently
meets or exceeds the acceptable quality level (AQL) of the requirements included with the SOW. A proposal should not be a
restatement of the contents of the SOW but should be a well-organized, well-conceived strategy that clearly articulates how the Offeror
will accomplish the objectives of this requirement.
•
The proposal provides examples and explanations that clearly describe how the principal services regularly provided by the
Offeror are similar in scope to the requirements of this SOW.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 5 of 28
FACTOR II – PAST PERFORMANCE: Offeror's past performance will include carrying out projects for Government agencies or
commercial entities that are similar in scope and scale to the requirements of the SOW. The Offeror will provide no more than 3
examples of projects that were carried out within the last 5 years. Each example will include the following project information:
Contract Title and Number
•
О
О Period of Performance
О Name and contact information (E-mail & Phone Number) of the client (for Government agencies, provide the name of the
agency and either the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer's Technical Representative)
O O O
Approximate number of personnel, by major position and skill category, used on each project
Approximate dollar value of each project.
A synopsis of work carried out under each contract that describes the key tasks carried out and an explanation of how that
effort is comparable to the requirements of the SOW and how the successful completion of that contract will facilitate the
Offeror's ability to carry out the requirements of the SOW and perform all tasks at a level that consistently meets or
exceeds the performance standards.
Past Performance is to be evaluated by demonstrated capabilities of the Offeror to effectively and efficiently deliver high
quality services throughout performance, timely and responsive service and provide solutions and solve problems and
consistently demonstrate a commitment to customer satisfaction. Additionally, it will be evaluated by the level of and degree
of performance on other contracts that are similar in size, scope and/or complexity as this requirement.
The Government reserves the right to obtain past performance information from any and all sources including Contractor
Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS), and
sources outside the Government, regardless of whether such information has been referenced or provided by the Offeror.
The Government also reserves the right to contact references and points of contact provided by the Offeror and otherwise
verify statements and representations made in the Offeror's quotation.
FACTOR II – PRICE: The Government will evaluate price to determine fair and reasonableness using FAR 13.106-3, techniques. As
such, the Government may use any combination of the price analysis techniques stipulated under FAR Subpart 13.106-3 to aid in the
price evaluation process.
•
•
Fairness and Reasonableness: The price that will be evaluated is the Offeror's "total proposed price". For a price to be fair
and reasonable, it must represent a price to the Government that a prudent person would pay in the conduct of competitive
business assuming reasonable economy and efficiency.
Completeness: Price proposals shall be evaluated for completeness by assessing the responsiveness of the proposed price;
by assessing the level of detail the Offeror provided price data for all requirements in the SOW and assessing the traceability
of the price. For the price data to be complete, the Offeror must provide all the data necessary to support traceability of the
offer.
Please Note: Use of general or vague statements such as "standard procedures will be used”, “noted", "good engineering
practices", or "contractor will comply" will not satisfy this requirement. Simply repeating or paraphrasing the RFP
requirements without substantive, meaningful discussion will not be acceptable. The Government may consider an Offeror's
unsupported assertions or mere restatement or paraphrasing of the Governments requirements, without further explanation,
clarification, or context to be deficient. Unnecessary elaboration or presentation beyond that which is sufficient to present a complete
and effective proposal is not desired and may be construed as an indication of the Offeror's lack of understanding or cost
consciousness. Elaborate artwork, expensive paper or bindings, and expensive visual or other presentation aids is neither necessary
nor desired. The desire is for clear, succinct pictorials, graphs, etc.
(End of provision)
FAR 52.212-3
Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial
Services (Oct 2025)
The Offeror shall complete only paragraph (b) of this provision if the Offeror has completed the annual representations and certification
electronically in the System for Award Management (SAM) accessed through https://www.sam.gov. If the Offeror has not completed the
annual representations and certifications electronically, the Offeror shall complete only paragraphs (c) through (v) of this provision.
(a) Definitions. As used in this provision―
Covered telecommunications equipment or services has the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for
Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment.
Economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB) concern means a small business concern that is at least 51 percent
directly and unconditionally owned by, and the management and daily business operations of which are controlled by, one or more women who
are citizens of the United States and who are economically disadvantaged in accordance with 13 CFR part 127, and the concern is certified by
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 6 of 28
SBA or an approved third-party certifier in accordance with 13 CFR 127.300. It automatically qualifies as a women-owned small business eligible
under the WOSB Program.
Forced or indentured child labor means all work or service-
(1) Exacted from any person under the age of 18 under the menace of any penalty for its nonperformance and for which the worker
does not offer himself voluntarily; or
penalties.
(2) Performed by any person under the age of 18 pursuant to a contract the enforcement of which can be accomplished by process or
Highest-level owner means the entity that owns or controls an immediate owner of the offeror, or that owns or controls one or more entities
that control an immediate owner of the offeror. No entity owns or exercises control of the highest level owner.
Immediate owner means an entity, other than the offeror, that has direct control of the offeror. Indicators of control include, but are not
limited to, one or more of the following: ownership or interlocking management, identity of interests among family members, shared facilities and
equipment, and the common use of employees.
Inverted domestic corporation, means a foreign incorporated entity that meets the definition of an inverted domestic corporation under 6
U.S.C. 395(b), applied in accordance with the rules and definitions of 6 U.S.C. 395(c).
Manufactured end product means any end product in product and service codes (PSCs) 1000-9999, except―
(1) PSC 5510, Lumber and Related Basic Wood Materials;
(2) Product or Service Group (PSG) 87, Agricultural Supplies;
(3) PSG 88, Live Animals;
(4) PSG 89, Subsistence;
(5) PSC 9410, Crude Grades of Plant Materials;
(6) PSC 9430, Miscellaneous Crude Animal Products, Inedible;
(7) PSC 9440, Miscellaneous Crude Agricultural and Forestry Products;
(8) PSC 9610, Ores;
(9) PSC 9620, Minerals, Natural and Synthetic; and
(10) PSC 9630, Additive Metal Materials.
Place of manufacture means the place where an end product is assembled out of components, or otherwise made or processed from raw
materials into the finished product that is to be provided to the Government. If a product is disassembled and reassembled, the place of
reassembly is not the place of manufacture.
Predecessor means an entity that is replaced by a successor and includes any predecessors of the predecessor.
Reasonable inquiry has the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and
Video Surveillance Services or Equipment.
Restricted business operations means business operations in Sudan that include power production activities, mineral extraction activities,
oil-related activities, or the production of military equipment, as those terms are defined in the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act of 2007
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 7 of 28
(Pub. L. 110-174). Restricted business operations do not include business operations that the person (as that term is defined in Section 2 of the
Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act of 2007) conducting the business can demonstrate-
(1) Are conducted under contract directly and exclusively with the regional government of southern Sudan;
(2) Are conducted pursuant to specific authorization from the Office of Foreign Assets Control in the Department of the Treasury, or are
expressly exempted under Federal law from the requirement to be conducted under such authorization;
(3) Consist of providing goods or services to marginalized populations of Sudan;
(4) Consist of providing goods or services to an internationally recognized peacekeeping force or humanitarian organization;
(5) Consist of providing goods or services that are used only to promote health or education; or
(6) Have been voluntarily suspended. "Sensitive technology"—
Sensitive technology—
(1) Means hardware, software, telecommunications equipment, or any other technology that is to be used specifically-
(i) To restrict the free flow of unbiased information in Iran; or
(ii) To disrupt, monitor, or otherwise restrict speech of the people of Iran; and
(2) Does not include information or informational materials the export of which the President does not have the authority to regulate or
prohibit pursuant to section 203(b)(3) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1702(b)(3)).
Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concern means a small business concern―
(1) (i) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned and controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the case of any
publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more service-disabled veterans; and
(ii) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the
case of a service-disabled veteran with permanent and severe disability, the spouse or permanent caregiver of such veteran; or
(2) A small business concern eligible under the SDVOSB Program in accordance with 13 CFR part 128 (see subpart 19.14).
(3) Service-disabled veteran, as used in this definition, means a veteran as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(2), with a disability that is service
connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16), and who is registered in the Beneficiary Identification and Records Locator Subsystem,
or successor system that is maintained by the Department of Veterans Affairs' Veterans Benefits Administration, as a service-disabled veteran.
that—
Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concern eligible under the SDVOSB Program means an SDVOSB concern
(1) Effective January 1, 2024, is designated in the System for Award Management (SAM) as certified by the Small Business
Administration (SBA) in accordance with 13 CFR 128.300; or
(2) Has represented that it is an SDVOSB concern in SAM and submitted a complete application for certification to SBA on or before
December 31, 2023.
Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) Program means a program that authorizes contracting officers to limit
competition, including award on a sole-source basis, to SDVOSB concerns eligible under the SDVOSB Program.
Small business concern-
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 8 of 28
(1) Means a concern, including its affiliates, that is independently owned and operated, not dominant in its field of operation, and
qualified as a small business under the criteria in 13 CFR part 121 and size standards in this solicitation.
(2) Affiliates, as used in this definition, means business concerns, one of whom directly or indirectly controls or has the power to control
the others, or a third party or parties control or have the power to control the others. In determining whether affiliation exists, consideration is
given to all appropriate factors including common ownership, common management, and contractual relationships. SBA determines affiliation
based on the factors set forth at 13 CFR 121.103.
Small disadvantaged business concern, consistent with 13 CFR 124.1001, means a small business concern under the size standard
applicable to the acquisition, that—
(1) Is at least 51 percent unconditionally and directly owned (as defined at 13 CFR 124.105) by—
(i) One or more socially disadvantaged (as defined at13 CFR 124.103) and economically disadvantaged (as defined at 13 CFR
124.104) individuals who are citizens of the United States; and
(ii) Each individual claiming economic disadvantage has a net worth not exceeding the threshold at 13 CFR 124.104(c)(2) after
taking into account the applicable exclusions set forth at 13 CFR124.104(c)(2); and
(2) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled (as defined at 13.CFR 124.106) by individuals, who meet
the criteria in paragraphs (1)(i) and (ii) of this definition.
Subsidiary means an entity in which more than 50 percent of the entity is owned―
(1) Directly by a parent corporation; or
(2) Through another subsidiary of a parent corporation
Successor means an entity that has replaced a predecessor by acquiring the assets and carrying out the affairs of the predecessor under a
new name (often through acquisition or merger). The term "successor" does not include new offices/divisions of the same company or a
company that only changes its name. The extent of the responsibility of the successor for the liabilities of the predecessor may vary, depending
on State law and specific circumstances.
Veteran-owned small business concern means a small business concern―
(1) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned and controlled by one or more veterans (as defined at 38 U.S.C. 101(2)) or, in the case
of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more veterans; and
(2) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more veterans.
Women-owned business concern means a concern which is at least 51 percent owned by one or more women; or in the case of any publicly
owned business, at least 51 percent of its stock is owned by one or more women; and whose management and daily business operations are
controlled by one or more women
Women-owned small business concern means a small business concern―
(1) That is at least 51 percent owned by one or more women; or, in the case of any publicly owned business, at least51 percent of the
stock of which is owned by one or more women; and
(2) Whose management and daily business operations are controlled by one or more women.
Women-owned small business (WOSB) concern eligible under the WOSB Program (in accordance with 13 CFR part 127), means a small
business concern that is at least 51 percent directly and unconditionally owned by, and the management and daily business operations of which
are controlled by, one or more women who are citizens of the United States, and the concern is certified by SBA or an approved third-party
certifier in accordance with 13 CFR 127.300.
(b) (1) Annual Representations and Certifications. Any changes provided by the Offeror in paragraph (b)(2) of this provision do not
automatically change the representations and certifications in SAM.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 9 of 28
(2) The offeror has completed the annual representations and certifications electronically in SAM accessed
through http://www.sam.gov. After reviewing SAM information, the Offeror verifies by submission of this offer that the representations and
certifications currently posted electronically at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial
Services, have been entered or updated in the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the
business size standard(s) applicable to the NAICS code(s) referenced for this solicitation), at the time this offer is submitted and are incorporated
in this offer by reference (see FAR 4.1201), except for paragraphs.
[Offeror to identify the applicable paragraphs at (c) through (v) of this provision that the offeror has completed for the purposes of
this solicitation only, if any.
These amended representation(s) and/or certification(s) are also incorporated in this offer and are current, accurate, and complete as of
the date of this offer.
Any changes provided by the offeror are applicable to this solicitation only, and do not result in an update to the representations and
certifications posted electronically on SAM.]
(c) Offerors must complete the following representations when the resulting contract is for supplies to be delivered or services to be
performed in the United States or its outlying areas, or when the contracting officer has applied part 19 in accordance with 19.000(b)(1)(ii).
Check all that apply.
(1) Small business concern. The offeror represents as part of its offer that-
(i) It is, is not a small business concern; or
(ii) It is, is not a small business joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 121.103(h) and 13 CFR
125.8(a) and (b). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture:
.]
(2) Veteran-owned small business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph
(c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents as part of its offer that it is, □ is not a veteran-owned small business concern.
(3) SDVOSB concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a veteran-owned small business concern in paragraph (c)(2) of
this provision.] The offeror represents that it ☐ is, □ is not an SDVOSB concern.
(4) SDVOSB concern joint venture eligible under the SDVOSB Program. The offeror represents that it ☐ is, □ is not an SDVOSB joint
venture eligible under the SDVOSB Program that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 128.402. [Complete only if the offeror represented
itself as an SDVOSB concern in paragraph (c)(3) of this provision.] [The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to
the joint venture:
(5) Small disadvantaged business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph
(c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents that it ☐ is, □ is not a small disadvantaged business concern as defined in 13 CFR 124.1001.
(6) Women-owned small business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph
(c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents that it is, is not a women-owned small business concern.
(7) WOSB joint venture eligible under the WOSB Program. The offeror represents that it ☐ is, □ is not a joint venture that complies with
the requirements of 13 CFR 127.506(a) through (c). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint
venture:
..]
(8) Economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB) joint venture. The offeror represents that it ☐ is, □ is not a
joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 127.506(a) through (c). [The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity
identifier of each party to the joint venture:
Note to paragraphs (c)(9) and (10): Complete paragraphs (c)(9) and (10) only if this solicitation is expected to exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold.


--- Page Break ---

2031ZA26Q00029
Page 10 of 28
(9) Women-owned business concern (other than small business concern). [Complete only if the offeror is a women-owned business
concern and did not represent itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents that it is a
women-owned business concern.
(10) Tie bid priority for labor surplus area concerns. If this is an invitation for bid, small business offerors may identify the labor surplus
areas in which costs to be incurred on account of manufacturing or production (by offeror or first-tier subcontractors) amount to more than 50
percent of the contract price:_
(11) HUBZone small business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1)
of this provision.] The offeror represents, as part of its offer, that-
(i) It is, is not a HUBZone small business concern listed, on the date of this representation, as having been certified by SBA as
a HUBZone small business concern in the Dynamic Small Business Search and SAM, and will attempt to maintain an employment rate
of HUBZone residents of 35 percent of its employees during performance of a HUBZone contract (see 13 CFR 126.200(e)(1)); and
(ii) It is, is not a HUBZone joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 126.616(a) through (c).
[The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture: .] Each HUBZone small business
concern participating in the HUBZone joint venture shall provide representation of its HUBZone status.
and
(d) Representations required to implement provisions of Executive Order 11246-
(1) Previous contracts and compliance. The offeror represents that-
ㅁ
(i) It has, has not participated in a previous contract or subcontract subject to the Equal Opportunity clause of this solicitation;
(ii) It has, has not filed all required compliance reports.
(2) Affirmative Action Compliance. The offeror represents that-
(i) It has developed and has on file, has not developed and does not have on file, at each establishment, affirmative action
programs required by rules and regulations of the Secretary of Labor (41 CFR parts 60-1 and 60-2), or
(ii) It has not previously had contracts subject to the written affirmative action programs requirement of the rules and regulations
of the Secretary of Labor.
(e) Certification Regarding Payments to Influence Federal Transactions (31 http://uscode.house.gov/ U.S.C. 1352). (Applies only if the
contract is expected to exceed $200,000.) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that no Federal
appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress or an employee of a Member of Congress on his or her behalf in connection with the
award of any resultant contract. If any registrants under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 have made a lobbying contact on behalf of
the offeror with respect to this contract, the offeror shall complete and submit, with its offer, OMB Standard Form LLL, Disclosure of Lobbying
Activities, to provide the name of the registrants. The offeror need not report regularly employed officers or employees of the offeror to whom
payments of reasonable compensation were made.
(f) Buy American Certificate. (Applies only if the clause at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies, is
included in this solicitation.)
(1) (i) The Offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (f)(2) of this provision, is a domestic end product and
that each domestic end product listed in paragraph (f)(3) of this provision contains a critical component.
(ii) The Offeror shall list as foreign end products those end products manufactured in the United States that do not qualify as
domestic end products. For those foreign end products that do not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both,
the Offeror shall also indicate whether these foreign end products exceed 55 percent domestic content, except for those that are COTS items. If
the percentage of the domestic content is unknown, select "no".
25.105).
(iii) The Offeror shall separately list the line item numbers of domestic end products that contain a critical component (see FAR
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 11 of 28
(iv) The terms "commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item," "critical component," "domestic end product," "end product,"
"foreign end product," and "United States" are defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Supplies."
(2) Foreign End Products:
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
Exceeds 55% domestic content (yes/no)
[List as necessary]
(3) Domestic end products containing a critical component:
Line Item No.
[List as necessary]
(4) The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25.
(g) (1) Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. (Applies only if the clause at FAR 52.225-3, Buy American-Free
Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, is included in this solicitation.)
(i) (A) The Offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (g)(1)(ii) or (iii) of this provision, is a domestic
end product and that each domestic end product listed in paragraph (g)(1)(iv) of this provision contains a critical component.
(B) The terms "Bahraini, Moroccan, Omani, Panamanian, or Peruvian end product," "commercially available off-the-shelf
(COTS) item," "critical component," "domestic end product," "end product," "foreign end product," "Free Trade Agreement country," "Free Trade
Agreement country end product," "Israeli end product," and "United States" are defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-
Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act."
(ii) The Offeror certifies that the following supplies are Free Trade Agreement country end products (other than Bahraini, Moroccan,
Omani, Panamanian, or Peruvian end products) or Israeli end products as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Free
Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act."
Free Trade Agreement Country End Products (Other than Bahraini, Moroccan, Omani, Panamanian, or Peruvian End Products)
or Israeli End Products:
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
[List as necessary]
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 12 of 28
(iii) The Offeror shall list those supplies that are foreign end products (other than those listed in paragraph (g)(1)(ii) of this
provision) as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act." The Offeror shall list as
other foreign end products those end products manufactured in the United States that do not qualify as domestic end products. For those
foreign end products that do not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the Offeror shall also indicate whether
these foreign end products exceed 55 percent domestic content, except for those that are COTS items. If the percentage of the domestic content
is unknown, select "no".
Other Foreign End Products:
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
Exceeds 55% domestic content (yes/no)
[List as necessary]
(iv) The Offeror shall list the line item numbers of domestic end products that contain a critical component (see FAR 25.105).
Line Item No.
[List as necessary]
(v) The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25.
(2) Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate, Alternate II. If Alternate II to the clause at FAR 52.225-3 is
included in this solicitation, substitute the following paragraph (g)(1)(ii) for paragraph (g)(1)(ii) of the basic provision:
(g)(1)(ii) The offeror certifies that the following supplies are Israeli end products as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy
American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act":
Israeli End Products:
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
[List as necessary]
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 13 of 28
(3) Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate, Alternate III. If Alternate III to the clause at 52.225-3 is included
in this solicitation, substitute the following paragraphs (g)(1)(i)(B) and (g)(1)(ii) for paragraphs (g)(1)(i)(B) and (g)(1)(ii) of the basic provision:
(g)(1)(i)(B) The terms “Korean end product", "commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item," "critical component," "domestic end
product," "end product," "foreign end product,” “Free Trade Agreement country," "Free Trade Agreement country end product,” “Israeli end
product," and "United States” are defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act."
(g)(1)(ii) The Offeror certifies that the following supplies are Korean end products or Israeli end products as defined in the clause of
this solicitation entitled “Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act":
Korean End Products or Israeli End Products:
[List as necessary]
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
(4) Trade Agreements Certificate. (Applies only if the clause at FAR 52.225-5, Trade Agreements, is included in this solicitation.)
(i) The offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (g)(4)(ii) of this provision, is a U.S.-made or
designated country end product, as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Trade Agreements."
(ii) The offeror shall list as other end products those end products that are not U.S.-made or designated country end products.
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 14 of 28
Other End Products:
[List as necessary]
(iii) The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25. For line items covered by
the WTO GPA, the Government will evaluate offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products without regard to the restrictions of the
Buy American statute. The Government will consider for award only offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products unless
the Contracting Officer determines that there are no offers for such products or that the offers for such products are insufficient to fulfill the
requirements of the solicitation.
(h) Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters (Executive Order 12689). (Applies only if the contract value is expected to exceed
the simplified acquisition threshold.) The offeror certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that the offeror and/or any of its principals-
(1) □ Are, □ are not presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment, or declared ineligible for the award of contracts by any
Federal agency;
(2) Have, have not, within a three-year period preceding this offer, been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against them
for: commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a Federal, state or local
government contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or state antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of
embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax
laws, or receiving stolen property;
(3) Are, are not presently indicted for, or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a Government entity with, commission of any of
these offenses enumerated in paragraph (h)(2) of this clause; and
(4) Have, have not, within a three-year period preceding this offer, been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that
exceeds the threshold at 9.104-5(a)(2) for which the liability remains unsatisfied.
(i) Taxes are considered delinquent if both of the following criteria apply:
(A) The tax liability is finally determined. The liability is finally determined if it has been assessed. A liability is not finally
determined if there is a pending administrative or judicial challenge. In the case of a judicial challenge to the liability, the liability is not finally
determined until all judicial appeal rights have been exhausted.
(B) The taxpayer is delinquent in making payment. A taxpayer is delinquent if the taxpayer has failed to pay the tax liability
when full payment was due and required. A taxpayer is not delinquent in cases where enforced collection action is precluded.
(ii) Examples.
(A) The taxpayer has received a statutory notice of deficiency, under I.R.C. §6212, which entitles the taxpayer to seek Tax
Court review of a proposed tax deficiency. This is not a delinquent tax because it is not a final tax liability. Should the taxpayer seek Tax Court
review, this will not be a final tax liability until the taxpayer has exercised all judicial appeal rights.
(B) The IRS has filed a notice of Federal tax lien with respect to an assessed tax liability, and the taxpayer has been issued a
notice under I.R.C. §6320 entitling the taxpayer to request a hearing with the IRS Office of Appeals contesting the lien filing, and to further
appeal to the Tax Court if the IRS determines to sustain the lien filing. In the course of the hearing, the taxpayer is entitled to contest the
underlying tax liability because the taxpayer has had no prior opportunity to contest the liability. This is not a delinquent tax because it is not a
final tax liability. Should the taxpayer seek tax court review, this will not be a final tax liability until the taxpayer has exercised all judicial appeal
rights.
(C) The taxpayer has entered into an installment agreement pursuant to I.R.C. §6159. The taxpayer is making timely
payments and is in full compliance with the agreement terms. The taxpayer is not delinquent because the taxpayer is not currently required to
make full payment.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 15 of 28
(D) The taxpayer has filed for bankruptcy protection. The taxpayer is not delinquent because enforced collection action is
stayed under 11 U.S.C. §362 (the Bankruptcy Code).
(i) Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Executive Order 13126). [The Contracting Officer must list in
paragraph (i)(1) any end products being acquired under this solicitation that are included in the List of Products Requiring Contractor Certification
as to Forced or Indentured Child Labor, unless excluded at 22.1503(b).]
(1) Listed end products.
Line Item No.
Country of Origin
(2) Certification. [If the Contracting Officer has identified end products and countries of origin in paragraph (i)(1) of this provision, then
the offeror must certify to either (i)(2)(i) or (i)(2)(ii) by checking the appropriate block.]
(i) The offeror will not supply any end product listed in paragraph (i)(1) of this provision that was mined, produced, or
manufactured in the corresponding country as listed for that product.
(ii) The offeror may supply an end product listed in paragraph (i)(1) of this provision that was mined, produced, or manufactured
in the corresponding country as listed for that product. The offeror certifies that it has made a good faith effort to determine whether forced or
indentured child labor was used to mine, produce, or manufacture any such end product furnished under this contract. On the basis of those
efforts, the offeror certifies that it is not aware of any such use of child labor.
(j) Place of manufacture. (Does not apply unless the solicitation is predominantly for the acquisition of manufactured end products.) For
statistical purposes only, the offeror shall indicate whether the place of manufacture of the end products it expects to provide in response to
this solicitation is predominantly-
(1) In the United States (Check this box if the total anticipated price of offered end products manufactured in the United
States exceeds the total anticipated price of offered end products manufactured outside the United States); or
(2) Outside the United States.
(k) Certificates regarding exemptions from the application of the Service Contract Labor Standards (Certification by the offeror as to its
compliance with respect to the contract also constitutes its certification as to compliance by its subcontractor if it subcontracts out the exempt
services.) [The contracting officer is to check a box to indicate if paragraph (k)(1) or (k)(2) applies.]
☐ (1) Maintenance, calibration, or repair of certain equipment as described in FAR 22.1003-4(c)(1). The offeror □ does □ does not
certify that-
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 16 of 28
(i) The items of equipment to be serviced under this contract are used regularly for other than Governmental purposes and are sold
or traded by the offeror (or subcontractor in the case of an exempt subcontract) in substantial quantities to the general public in the course of
normal business operations;
(ii) The services will be furnished at prices which are, or are based on, established catalog or market prices (see FAR 22.1003-
4(c)(2)(ii)) for the maintenance, calibration, or repair of such equipment; and
(iii) The compensation (wage and fringe benefits) plan for all service employees performing work under the contract will be the
same as that used for these employees and equivalent employees servicing the same equipment of commercial customers.
☐ (2) Certain services as described in FAR 22.1003-4(d)(1). The offeror □ does ☐ does not certify that-
(i) The services under the contract are offered and sold regularly to non-Governmental customers, and are provided by
the offeror (or subcontractor in the case of an exempt subcontract) to the general public in substantial quantities in the course of normal business
operations;
(ii) The contract services will be furnished at prices that are, or are based on, established catalog or market prices (see
FAR 22.1003-4(d)(2)(iii));
(iii) Each service employee who will perform the services under the contract will spend only a small portion of his or her time (a
monthly average of less than 20 percent of the available hours on an annualized basis, or less than 20 percent of available hours during the
contract period if the contract period is less than a month) servicing the Government contract; and
(iv) The compensation (wage and fringe benefits) plan for all service employees performing work under the contract is the same as
that used for these employees and equivalent employees servicing commercial customers.
(3) If paragraph (k)(1) or (k)(2) of this clause applies-
(i) If the offeror does not certify to the conditions in paragraph (k)(1) or (k)(2) and the Contracting Officer did not attach a Service
Contract Labor Standards wage determination to the solicitation, the offeror shall notify the Contracting Officer as soon as possible; and
(ii) The Contracting Officer may not make an award to the offeror if the offeror fails to execute the certification in paragraph (k)(1) or
(k)(2) of this clause or to contact the Contracting Officer as required in paragraph (k)(3)(i) of this clause.
(1) Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) (26 U.S.C. 6109, 31 U.S.C. 7701). (Not applicable if the offeror is required to provide this
information to the SAM to be eligible for award.)
(1) All offerors must submit the information required in paragraphs (1)(3) through (1)(5) of this provision to comply with debt collection
requirements of 31 U.S.C. 7701(c) and 3325(d), reporting requirements of 26 U.S.C. 6041, 6041A, and 6050M, and implementing regulations
issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
(2) The TIN may be used by the Government to collect and report on any delinquent amounts arising out of the offeror's relationship
with the Government ( 31 U.S.C. 7701(c)(3)). If the resulting contract is subject to the payment reporting requirements described in FAR 4.904,
the TIN provided hereunder may be matched with IRS records to verify the accuracy of the offeror's TIN.
(3) Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN).
OTIN:
TIN has been applied for.
TIN is not required because:
Offeror is a nonresident alien, foreign corporation, or foreign partnership that does not have income effectively connected with
the conduct of a trade or business in the United States and does not have an office or place of business or a fiscal paying agent in the United
States;
Offeror is an agency or instrumentality of a foreign government;
Offeror is an agency or instrumentality of the Federal Government.
(4) Type of organization.
Sole proprietorship;
Partnership;
Corporate entity (not tax-exempt);
Corporate entity (tax-exempt);
Government entity (Federal, State, or local);
Foreign government;
International organization per 26 CFR1.6049-4;
Other
(5) Common parent.
Offeror is not owned or controlled by a common parent;
Name and TIN of common parent:
Name
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 17 of 28
TIN
(m) Restricted business operations in Sudan. By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that the offeror does not conduct any restricted
business operations in Sudan.
(n) Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations.
(1) Government agencies are not permitted to use appropriated (or otherwise made available) funds for contracts with either an inverted
domestic corporation, or a subsidiary of an inverted domestic corporation, unless the exception at 9.108-2(b) applies or the requirement is
waived in accordance with the procedures at 9.108-4.
(2) Representation. The Offeror represents that-
(i) It is, is not an inverted domestic corporation; and
(ii) It is, is not a subsidiary of an inverted domestic corporation.
(o) Prohibition on contracting with entities engaging in certain activities or transactions relating to Iran.
(1) The offeror shall e-mail questions concerning sensitive technology to the Department of State at CISADA106@state.gov.
(2) Representation and Certifications. Unless a waiver is granted or an exception applies as provided in paragraph (o)(3) of this
provision, by submission of its offer, the offeror-
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 18 of 28
(i) Represents, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that the offeror does not export any sensitive technology to the government
of Iran or any entities or individuals owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf or at the direction of, the government of Iran;
(ii) Certifies that the offeror, or any person owned or controlled by the offeror, does not engage in any activities for which
sanctions may be imposed under section 5 of the Iran Sanctions Act; and
(iii) Certifies that the offeror, and any person owned or controlled by the offeror, does not knowingly engage in any transaction that
exceeds the threshold at FAR 25.703-2(a)(2) with Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps or any of its officials, agents, or affiliates, the property and
interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (et seq.) (see OFAC's Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List at https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx).
(3) The representation and certification requirements of paragraph (o)(2) of this provision do not apply if-
(i) This solicitation includes a trade agreements certification (e.g., 52.212-3(g) or a comparable agency provision); and
(ii) The offeror has certified that all the offered products to be supplied are designated country end products.
(p) Ownership or Control of Offeror. (Applies in all solicitations when there is a requirement to be registered in SAM or a requirement to have
a unique entity identifier in the solicitation).
(1) The Offeror represents that it has or ☐ does not have an immediate owner. If the Offeror has more than one immediate
owner (such as a joint venture), then the Offeror shall respond to paragraph (2) and if applicable, paragraph (3) of this provision for each
participant in the joint venture.
(2) If the Offeror indicates "has" in paragraph (p)(1) of this provision, enter the following information:
Immediate owner CAGE code:
Immediate owner legal name:
(Do not use a "doing business as" name)
Is the immediate owner owned or controlled by another entity: □ Yes or □ No.
(3) If the Offeror indicates "yes" in paragraph (p)(2) of this provision, indicating that the immediate owner is owned or controlled by
another entity, then enter the following information:
Highest-level owner CAGE code:
Highest-level owner legal name:
(Do not use a "doing business as" name)
(q) Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law.
(1) As required by sections 744 and 745 of Division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L.
113-235), and similar provisions, if contained in subsequent appropriations acts, The Government will not enter into a contract with any
corporation that-
(i) Has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting
the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and made a determination that suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government; or
(ii) Was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency
is aware of the conviction, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that this
action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 19 of 28
(2) The Offeror represents that-
(i) It is is not a corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability; and
months.
(ii) It is is not a corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under a Federal law within the preceding 24
(r) Predecessor of Offeror. (Applies in all solicitations that include the provision at 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code
Reporting.)
years.
(1) The Offeror represents that it ☐ is or ☐ is not a successor to a predecessor that held a Federal contract or grant within the last three
(2) If the Offeror has indicated "is" in paragraph (r)(1) of this provision, enter the following information for all predecessors that held a
Federal contract or grant within the last three years (if more than one predecessor, list in reverse chronological order):
Predecessor CAGE code: (or mark "Unknown").
Predecessor legal name:_
(Do not use a "doing business as" name).
(s) [Reserved].
(t) Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals. Applies in all solicitations that require offerors to register in SAM
(12.301(d)(1)).
(1) This representation shall be completed if the Offeror received $7.5 million or more in contract awards in the prior Federal fiscal year.
The representation is optional if the Offeror received less than $7.5 million in Federal contract awards in the prior Federal fiscal year.
(2) Representation. [Offeror to check applicable block(s) in paragraph (t)(2)(i) and (ii)].
(i) The Offeror (itself or through its immediate owner or highest-level owner) ☐ does, □ does not publicly disclose greenhouse gas
emissions, i.e., makes available on a publicly accessible website the results of a greenhouse gas inventory, performed in accordance with an
accounting standard with publicly available and consistently applied criteria, such as the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard.
(ii) The Offeror (itself or through its immediate owner or highest-level owner) □ does, □ does not publicly disclose a quantitative
greenhouse gas emissions reduction goal, i.e., make available on a publicly accessible website a target to reduce absolute emissions or
emissions intensity by a specific quantity or percentage.
(iii) A publicly accessible website includes the Offeror's own website or a recognized, third-party greenhouse gas emissions
reporting program.
(3) If the Offeror checked "does" in paragraphs (t)(2)(i) or (t)(2)(ii) of this provision, respectively, the Offeror shall provide the publicly
accessible website(s) where greenhouse gas emissions and/or reduction goals are reported:_
(u) (1) In accordance with section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L.
113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions), Government agencies are
not permitted to use appropriated (or otherwise made available) funds for contracts with an entity that requires employees or subcontractors of
such entity seeking to report waste, fraud, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting
such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement
representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information.
(2) The prohibition in paragraph (u)(1) of this provision does not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312 (Classified
Information Nondisclosure Agreement), Form 4414 (Sensitive Compartmented Information Nondisclosure Agreement), or any other form issued
by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 20 of 28
(3) Representation. By submission of its offer, the Offeror represents that it will not require its employees or subcontractors to sign or
comply with internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully
reporting waste, fraud, or abuse related to the performance of a Government contract to a designated investigative or law enforcement
representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information (e.g., agency Office of the Inspector General).
(v) Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. Section 889(a)(1)(A) and section 889 (a)(1)(B) of Public Law 115-
232. (1) The Offeror shall review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) ( https://www.sam.gov) for entities
excluded from receiving federal awards for "covered telecommunications equipment or services".
(2) The Offeror represents that-
(i) It □ does,
does not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to
the Government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument.
(ii) After conducting a reasonable inquiry for purposes of this representation, that it ☐ does, ☐ does not use covered
telecommunications equipment or services, or any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services.
(End of Provision)
FAR 52.212-5
Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive
Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025)
(a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by
reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services:
(1) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) (section 743 of Division E,
Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent
appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)).
(2) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered
Entities (DEC 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91).
(3) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov
2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232).
(4) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015).
(5) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) ( 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801).
(6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553).
(7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)).
(b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated
in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial
products and commercial services:
[Contracting Officer check as appropriate.]
✗ (1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (JUN 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704
and 10 U.S.C. 4655).
(2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)).
(3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (JUN 2010) (Section 1553 of
Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.)
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 21 of 28
✗ (4) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of
DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community-see FAR 3.900(a).
✗ (5) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (JUN 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282)
(31 U.S.C. 6101 note).
_ (6) [Reserved].
✗ (7) 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (OCT 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C).
(8) 52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (OCT 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743
of Div. C).
✗ (9) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (JUN 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328).
(10) 52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Federal Supply Schedules,
Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (DEC 2023) (Pub. L. 115–390, title II).
_ (11) (i) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (DEC 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II).
1 (ii) Alternate I (DEC 2023) of 52.204-30.
✗ (12) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed
for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (JAN 2025) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note).
_ (13) 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (OCT 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. 2313).
_ (14) [Reserved].
(15) 52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (OCT 2022) ( 15 U.S.C. 657a).
(16) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (OCT 2022) (if the offeror elects to
waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a).
_ (17) [Reserved]
✗ (18) (i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644).
(ii) Alternate I (MAR 2020) of 52.219-6.
_ (19) (i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644).
( (ii) Alternate I (MAR 2020) of 52.219-7.
✗ (20) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025)( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)).
_ (21) (i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (JAN 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)).
( (ii) Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9.
( (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9.
(iv) Alternate III (JUN 2020) of 52.219-9.
_ (v) Alternate IV (JAN 2025) of 52.219-9.
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 22 of 28
(22) (i) 52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (MAR 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)).
1 (ii) Alternate I (MAR 2020) of 52.219-13.
✗ (23) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (OCT 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s).
_ (24) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages-Subcontracting Plan (SEP 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)).
(25) 52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)
Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (FEB 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f).
✗ (26) (i) 52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation (JAN 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)).
(ii) Alternate I (MAR 2020) of 52.219-28.
(27) 52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business
Concerns (OCT 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)).
(28) 52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the
Women-Owned Small Business Program (OCT 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)).
(29) 52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (MAR 2020) ( 15 U.S.C. 644(r)).
_ (30) 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (SEP 2021) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)).
✗ (31) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003) (E.O. 11755).
✗ (32) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025)( E.O. 13126).
✗ (33) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (APR 2015).
✗ (34) (i) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016) (E.O. 11246).
(ii) Alternate I (FEB 1999) of 52.222-26.
✗ (35) (i) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212).
( (ii) Alternate I (JUL 2014) of 52.222-35.
✗ (36) (i) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) ( 29 U.S.C. 793).
_ (ii) Alternate I (JUL 2014) of 52.222-36.
✗ (37) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212).
✗ (38) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) (E.O. 13496).
✗ (39) (i) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2025) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627).
(ii) Alternate I (MAR 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627).
(40) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2025) ( Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of
commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.)
(41) (i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) (
42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.)
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 23 of 28
(ii) Alternate I (MAY 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-
the-shelf items.)
(42) 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (MAY 2024) (42 U.S.C.
7671, et seq.).
(43) 52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (MAY 2024) (42 U.S.C.
7671, et seq.).
_ (44) 52.223-20, Aerosols (MAY 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.).
_ (45) 52.223-21, Foams (MAY 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.).
✗ (46) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (MAY 2024) (E.O. 14057, 7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b,
and 42 U.S.C. 76711).
(47) (i) 52.224-3 Privacy Training (JAN 2017) (5 U.S.C. 552 a).
_
1 (ii) Alternate I (JAN 2017) of 52.224-3.
(48) (i) 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83).
( (ii) Alternate | (OCT 2022) of 52.225-1.
(49) (i) 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112
note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286,
108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43.
(ii) Alternate | [Reserved].
_ (iii) Alternate II (JAN 2025) of 52.225-3.
(iv) Alternate III (FEB 2024) of 52.225-3.
((v) Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3.
(50) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note).
✗ (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2021) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).
(52) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended,
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note).
(53) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).
(54) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).
✗ (55) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) (E.O. 13513).
_ (56) 52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (FEB 2021).
(57) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov
2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805).
(58) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C.
3805).
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 24 of 28
✗ (59) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332).
(60) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332).
(61) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (MAY 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332).
(62) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (AUG 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a).
✗ (63) 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered
Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.).
(64) 52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (JAN 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)).
(65) (i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) ( 46 U.S.C. 55305 and
10 U.S.C. 2631).
( (ii) Alternate I (APR 2003) of 52.247-64.
( (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64.
(c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting
Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable
to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services:
[Contracting Officer check as appropriate.]
✗ (1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67).
✗ (2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
✗ (3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year
and Option Contracts) (AUG 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and
41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or
Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-
Requirements (MAY 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(7) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (JAN 2022).
(8) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (JAN 2022) (E.O. 13706).
(9) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792).
(10) 52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (JAN 2025) (49
U.S.C. 40118(g)).
(d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was
awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this
contract, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation.
(1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and
right to examine any of the Contractor's directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract.


--- Page Break ---

2031ZA26Q00029
Page 25 of 28
(2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination,
audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor
Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work
terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes
clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation,
or claims are finally resolved.
(3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type
and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the
ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law.
(e) (1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to
flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1), in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. Unless
otherwise indicated below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause-
(i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509).
(ii) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) (41 U.S.C. 4712).
(iii) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of
Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in
subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)).
(iv) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered
Entities (DEC 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91).
(v) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov
2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232).
(vi) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a Byte Dance Covered Application (JUN 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328).
(vii) (A) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (DEC 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II).
(B) Alternate I (DEC 2023) of 52.204-30.
(viii) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts
that offer further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds the applicable
threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts
that offer subcontracting opportunities.
(ix) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (APR 2015).
(x) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016) (E.O. 11246).
(xi) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212).
(xii) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793).
(xiii) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212).
(xiv) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) (E.O. 13496). Flow down
required in accordance with paragraph (f) of FAR clause 52.222-40.
(xv) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(xvi) (A) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2025) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627).
(B) Alternate I (MAR 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627).
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 26 of 28
(xvii) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or
Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(xviii) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-
Requirements (MAY 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67).
(xix) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2025) (E.O. 12989).
(xx) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (JAN 2022).
(xxi) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (JAN 2022) (E.O. 13706).
(xxii) (A) 52.224-3, Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ( 5 U.S.C. 552a).
(B) Alternate I (JAN 2017) of 52.224-3.
(xxiii) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (OCT 2016) (Section 862, as
amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note).
(xxiv) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (JUN 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). Flow down required in
accordance with paragraph (e) of FAR clause 52.226-6.
(xxv) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) ( 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C.
3801). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (c) of 52.232-40.
(xxvi) 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered
Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.).
(xxvii) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) ( 46 U.S.C. 55305 and
10 U.S.C. 2631). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (d) of FAR clause 52.247-64.
(2) While not required, the Contractor may include in its subcontracts for commercial products and commercial services a minimal
number of additional clauses necessary to satisfy its contractual obligations.
(End of clause)
FAR 52.217-7 Option for Increased Quantity - Separately Priced Line Item (MAR 1989)
The Government may require the delivery of the numbered line item, identified in the Schedule as an option item, in the quantity and at
the price stated in the Schedule. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days.
Delivery of added items shall continue at the same rate that like items are called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise
agree.
(End of clause)
FAR 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000)
(a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 calendar days of the
current Period of Performance; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to
extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension.
(b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause.
(c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed three (3) years six
(6) months.
(End of clause)
FAR 52.252-2
Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998)
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 27 of 28
This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.
Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed
electronically at this/these address(es): www.acquisition.gov
(End of clause)
DTAR 1052.201-70, Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) Appointment and Authority (APR 2015)
(a) The COR shall be appointed AT CONTRACT AWARD.
(b) Performance of work under this contract is subject to the technical direction of the COR identified above, or a representative
designated in writing. The term "technical direction" includes, without limitation, direction to the Contractor that directs or
redirects the labor effort, shifts the work between work areas or locations, and/or fills in details and otherwise serves to ensure
that tasks outlined in the work statement are accomplished satisfactorily.
(c) Technical direction must be within the scope of the contract specification(s)/work statement. The COR does not have authority to
issue technical direction that:
(1) Constitutes a change of assignment or additional work outside the contract specification(s)/work statement;
(2) Constitutes a change as defined in the clause entitled "Changes";
(3) In any manner causes an increase or decrease in the contract price, or the time required for contract performance;
(4) Changes any of the terms, conditions, or specification(s)/work statement of the contract;
(5) Interferes with the Contractor's right to perform under the terms and conditions of the contract; or
(6) Directs, supervises or otherwise controls the actions of the Contractor's employees.
(d) Technical direction may be oral or in writing. The COR must confirm oral direction in writing within five workdays, with a copy to the
Contracting Officer.
(e) The Contractor shall proceed promptly with performance resulting from the technical direction issued by the COR. If, in the opinion
of the Contractor, any direction of the COR or the designated representative falls within the limitations of (c) above, the
contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer no later than the beginning of the next Government workday.
(f) Failure of the Contractor and the Contracting Officer to agree that technical direction is within the scope of the contract shall be
subject to the terms of the clause entitled "Disputes."
(End of clause)
DTAR 1052.210-70 Contractor publicity (APR 2015)
The Contractor, or any entity or representative acting on behalf of the Contractor, shall not refer to the supplies or services furnished
pursuant to the provisions of this contract in any news release or commercial advertising, or in connection with any news release or
commercial advertising, without first obtaining explicit written consent to do so from the Contracting Officer. Should any reference to
such supplies or services appear in any news release or commercial advertising issued by or on behalf of the Contractor without the
required consent, the Government shall consider institution of all remedies available under applicable law, including 31 U.S.C. 333, and
this contract. Further, any violation of this clause may be considered as part of the evaluation of past performance.
(End of clause)
DTAR 1052.228-70 Insurance Requirements (APR 2015)
In accordance with FAR clause 52.228-5, entitled "Insurance - Work on a Government Installation" [or FAR clause 52.228-7 entitled,
"Insurance - Liability to Third Persons”], insurance of the following kinds and minimum amounts shall be provided and maintained
during the period of performance of this contract:
(a) Workers compensation and employers liability. The Contractor shall, as a minimum, meet the requirements specified at FAR
28.307-2(a).
(b) General liability. The Contractor shall, at a minimum, meet the requirements specified at FAR 28.307-2(b).
(c) Automobile liability. The Contractor shall, at a minimum, meet the requirements specified at FAR 28.307-2(c).
(End of clause)
DTAR 1052.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (APR 2015)
(a) Definitions. As used in this clause-
(1) "Payment request" means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment with associated
supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR
32.905(b), "Content of Invoices" and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract.
(b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the
Invoice Processing Platform (IPP). Information regarding IPP, including IPP Customer Support contact information, is
available at www.ipp.gov or any successor site.
(c) The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate
procedures in writing in accordance with Treasury procedures.
(d) If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer's written
authorization with each payment request.
(End of clause)
WCF Delivery Terms and Conditions
2031ZA26Q00029
Page 28 of 28
TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Delivery Requirements
The following DELIVERY information must be provided when scheduling delivery appointments: (1) Name of
supplier/manufacturer; (2) Contract/Purchase Order #; (3) Total number of items; (4) Total weight; and (5) Date and time of
delivery.
1.0 Deliveries to WESTERN CURRENCY FACILITY, 9000 BLUE MOUND ROAD, FORT WORTH, TEXAS:
A. Vendors must call the Receiving Area at (817) 847-3822 at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance to schedule all
deliveries. Appointments may be made during normal working hours of 7:00 am to 3:00 pm or after hours at (817) 847-3831.
B.
Receiving hours are from 7:00 am to 2:30 pm local time, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays.
C.
To resolve any delivery issue, please contact Shipping & Receiving at (817) 847-3831 or (817) 847-3822.
